[DOCS-6336] Add info on updating log retention (#20033)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_configuration/indexes.md

## Update log retention

The index retention setting determines how long logs are stored and searchable in Datadog. You can set the retention to any value allowed in your account configuration.

> To add retentions that are not in your current contract, contact Customer Success at: `success@datadoghq.com`. After the retentions have been added, you must update the retention period for your indexes.

Author: ```suggestion
To add retentions that are not in your current contract, contact Customer Success at: `success@datadoghq.com`. After the retentions have been enabled, you must update the retention period for your indexes.
```

> To add retentions that are not in your current contract, contact Customer Success at: `success@datadoghq.com`. After the retentions have been enabled, you must update the retention period for your indexes.

Author: ```suggestion
To enable adding additional retentions that are not in your current contract, contact Customer Success at: `success@datadoghq.com`. After the retentions have been enabled, you need to update the retention periods for your indexes.
```
